Who we are

We are a team of passionate individuals creating products that are all about the value we create in profering solutions to the numerous pain point of our customers. 

We take customers challenges head on through team work and a burning desire to innovate and grow.

Our Mission
Connecting businesses to their customers like never before where customers save on every purchase, and businesses grow through every transaction.

Our Story
We are a group of young enthusiasts, that believe in one vision to help businesses thrive with happy and loyal customers.

Our Company Culture
At Connected Analytics, we consider every single business and customer a critical member of our success and as such we make deliberate efforts to instill a culture of commitment, reliability and above all graciousness towards all stakeholders.
Our team, though youthful is packed with years of experience and understanding of building together to achieve a common goal.  Improving and growing businesses in terms of transactional volume, world-class technology, great data insights and ultimately increased revenue, is no small feat to achieve, but as a team, we are committed to achieving this. We incorporate our founders, advisers, investors and businesses in an all-encompassing chain of value distribution and proposition. We built this company to enable winners and that in turn means we have to WIN.

Join Our Team

Who are we looking for?
We’re looking for talented individuals who are smarter than our current team. Connecting with better minds will help us achieve what we want faster. Our core desire is to have professionals that fit into our work culture and also bring new ideas to old problems.
We are bringing on board the most talented individuals in technology, data analytics, finance, social media enthusiasts, sales and marketing. Sound like you? Apply for a position with us as and we will be excited to have you join!

Want to know more about us? Connect with us on social media, Facebook, Twitter or Instagram.

Open Positions
Social Media Manager	Fulltime Location: Lagos
Content Creator Fulltime Location: Lagos
Senior Sales Executives Fulltime Location: Lagos
Front End Engineer	Fulltime Location: Lagos
Mobile App Engineer	Fulltime Location: Lagos
Customer Success Specialist	Fulltime Location: Lagos

