Privacy Policy

Thank U Cash, a rewards program operated by Connected Analytics Limited, is committed to respecting your privacy. We want you to know how we may collect, use, share, and keep information about you and the choices that are available to you. This online privacy statement applies to Thank U Cash websites, online applications that run on smart phones, tablets, and other mobile devices (“apps”) as well as your use or access of any of our online services or content that link to this statement. It does not apply to those websites that have their own online privacy statements such as those of our Business Partners. Our websites, web services and apps are not intended for children under 10 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit data online from, or market online to, children under 10 years of age. Since we may change this online privacy statement, we recommend that you check the current version available from time to time. If we make changes to this statement, we will update the “Effective Date” at the top of this page.
What is in this online privacy statement?
* What information does this online privacy statement cover?
* What information do we collect online and how do we collect it?
* How do we use the information we collect about you?
* How do we share your information?
* How we treat your Personal Information
* How we handle Aggregated Information and De-identified Information
* How do we keep and safeguard your information?
* What are your choices?
* Do you have questions about the online privacy statement?
* What information does this online privacy statement cover?
* This online privacy statement describes how we (and our Service Providers) may collect, use, share, and keep information that we get about you online. We gather online information if you:
 Visit or use our websites, web services or apps, Receive or reply to electronic communications from us, View or click on our ads or other online content and
 Interact with us through social media websites and other websites and apps.
In this statement, we also explain how we may combine online information with other information and how we then use the combined information.

What information do we collect online and how do we collect it?

The types of information we collect depends on which product or service you use. Sometimes you give information directly to us, our Business Partners, or our Service Providers. For example, you might give us your name, email, mailing address, phone number, or date of birth when you:
 

* Fill out an online form or survey;
* Register, log into or update the settings on your account using our online services;
* Register or enroll in our services;
* Enter a competition or register for a marketing offer; or
* Buy something on our websites or apps.
We (and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers) also collect information through Cookies and Similar Technologies. Most Cookies and Similar Technologies will only collect De-Identified Information such as how you arrive at our website or your general location. However, certain Cookies and Similar Technologies do collect Personal Information. For example, if you click Remember Me when you log in to our website, a cookie will store your username. We (and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers) may collect information using Cookies and Similar Technologies about:

* The device you use to browse our websites or use our apps (for example, we may collect information about the operating system or the browser version and the type of device you use to open electronic communications from us);
* The IP Address and information related to that IP Address (such as domain information, your internet provider and general geographic location);
* Browsing history on our websites or apps (such as what you search for, the pages you view, how long you stay, and how often you come back);
* How you search for our websites or apps, from which website or app you came from, and which of our Business Partners’ websites you visit;
* Which ads or online content from us and our Business Partners you view, access, or click on;
* Whether you open our electronic communications and which parts you click on; and
* The location of your mobile device (for example, to help prevent fraud or when you register to receive location-based content on our mobile websites or apps).
We (and our Service Providers or Third-Party Ad-Servers) may also collect information made publicly available through third-party platforms (such as online social media platforms), through online databases or directories, or that is otherwise legitimately obtained. The collection of this information is subject to the third party’s terms of use and/or privacy statement.How do we use the information we collect about you? 
We may use Online Information we collect about you on its own or combine it with Other Information to:
 deliver products and services, including to:
* Recognize you when you return to our websites or use our apps;
* Complete transactions;
* Tell you about updates to your accounts, products and services;
* Update you about new features, offers and benefits;
* Answer questions and respond to your requests made through our websites or apps and through third-party websites (including social media);
* Use the location of your mobile device for location-based services that you may request;
* Determine how to best provide services to you and manage your accounts, such as the best way and time to contact you;
improve our websites or apps and make them easier to use;
advertise and market our products and services – and those of our Business Partners – including to:
present content that is tailored to your interests, including Targeted Advertising;
send or provide you with ads, promotions, and offers;
analyze whether our ads, promotions, and offers are effective;
help us determine whether you may be interested in new products or services;
conduct research and analysis, including to:
better understand our customers and our website or app users;
allow you to give feedback by rating and reviewing our products and services and those of our Business Partners;
produce data analytics, statistical research, and reports;
review and change our products and services;
manage fraud and security risk, including to:
detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity;
safeguard the security of your information;
assess risks relating to our business, including to:
evaluate and process your applications for our products and services and manage your existing accounts; and
use it in other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent.
How do we share your information?

Some Online Information is Personal Information.
How we treat your Personal Information

We do not share Personal Information with anyone except as described below. We may share Personal Information as required or as permitted by law, such as:
 with our Thank U Cash Partners; (if you do not want us to share your Personal Information with our Thank U Cash Partners after you have enrolled, please send a mail to us: hello@thankucash.com)
 with regulatory authorities, courts, and governmental agencies to comply with legal orders, legal or regulatory requirements, and government requests.
With our Service Providers, regulatory authorities, and governmental agencies to detect and prevent fraud or criminal activity, and to protect the rights of Thank U Cash or others;
Within the Connected Analytics Limited Family of Companies;
With our Service Providers who perform services for us and help us operate our business (we require Service Providers to safeguard Personal Information and only use your Personal Information for the purposes we specify);
With financial institutions or Co-brand Partners with whom we jointly offer or develop products and services (but they may not use your Personal Information – in particular your email address – to independently market their own products or services to you unless you consent that they can do so);
in the context of a sale of all or part of the Connected Analytics Limited Family of Companies or their assets;
 or for specific products or services, when you have given your consent.
We may transfer Personal Information to Service Providers or companies within the Connected Analytics Limited Family of Companies throughout the world, for example, to process transactions and provide you with our products or services. Regardless of where we process your information, we still protect it in the manner described in this online privacy statement and according to the applicable laws.

How we handle Aggregated Information and De-identified Information

Aggregated Information or De-identified Information does not identify you individually; it helps us to analyze patterns among groups of people. We may share Aggregated Information or De-identified Information in several ways, for example:
 for the same reasons as we might share Personal Information;
 with Business Partners to help develop and market products or services and present targeted content, including Targeted Advertising;
 with Business Partners to conduct analysis and research about customers, website and app users; or
 with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place ads (including ads of our Business Partners) on various websites and apps, and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads.
How do we keep and safeguard your information?

We use administrative technical and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and facilities. We take reasonable steps to securely destroy or permanently de-identify Personal Information when we no longer need it. We will keep your Online Information only as long as we must to deliver our products and services, unless we are required by law or regulation or for litigation and regulatory investigations to keep it.
What are your choices?

You will always have a right to access, update, and change or correct your personal information. You have choices about how Thank U Cash uses your information, such as how we market to you or how we manage cookies and similar technologies.

What are your choices about how we market to you?

You can choose how you would like to receive marketing communications, including direct marketing – whether we send them to you through postal mail, email, SMS and/or telephone. If you choose to not receive marketing communications from us, we will honor your choice. Please be aware that if you choose not to receive such communications, certain offers attached to the products or services you have chosen may be affected. We will still communicate with you in connection with servicing your account, fulfilling your requests, or administering any promotion or any program in which you have elected to participate.

Please note that the choices you make with Thank U Cash apply to Thank U Cash and do not affect choices that you have made directly with Business Partners. If you choose to no longer receive marketing communications from one or more of our Business Partners, you must make your choices directly with them.
Do you have questions about the online privacy statement?

If you have questions about our online privacy statement, call us at +234 700 2000 000, contact us via our online customer service form or email us at hello@thankucash.com
Glossary
Aggregated Information

Data or information relating to multiple people which has been combined or aggregated. Aggregated Information includes information that we create or compile from various sources, including card transactions or certain data from cookies and similar technologies.
Thank U Cash (we, our, us)

Thank U Cash as identified at the beginning of this online privacy statement.

Connected Analytics Limited Family of Companies

Any affiliate and subsidiary of, and any company owned or controlled by, the Connected Analytics Limited Company.
Business Partners

Our Thank U Cash Partners or any third parties with whom we conduct business and have a contractual relationship.
Co-brand Partners

Businesses we partner with to offer cards featuring both brand logos.
Cookies and Similar Technologies

A cookie is a small data file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive. We may place cookies when you visit our website or another company’s website where our ads appear or when you make purchases, request or personalize information, or register for certain services. If you accept the cookies used on our website, websites that are “powered by” another company on our behalf, or websites where our ads appear, you may give us access to information about your interests. We may use that information to personalize your experience. Similar technologies such as web beacons, pixels, gifs, and tags also do the same thing. We use the term cookies and similar technologies in this statement to refer to all technologies that collect information in this way.

De-identified Information

Data or information used in a way that does not identify you to a third party. We often derive De-Identified Information from Personal Information. It includes information that we may collect from various sources, such as card transactions or certain data from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
IP Address

A number assigned to a device when connecting to the Internet.
Online Information

Data or information collected on the Thank U’s websites and apps as well as on websites and apps of third parties relating to topics about our business which may include personal information, Aggregated Information and De-Identified Information.
Other Information

Thank U Cash internal information (for example, transaction data), external data that financial and consumer companies use to process applications and complete transactions, and other online and offline information we collect from or about you.
Personal Information

Information that can identify a person, such as name, address, telephone number, and email address. Personal information includes and may also be referred to as registration information.

Thank U Cash Partner

A company or brand that has an affiliation with Thank U Cash and where Thank U Cash members may earn points and, with certain partners, use points. For a full list of Thank U Cash Partners please click here.
Service Providers

Any vendor, third party and/or company that performs business operations on our behalf, such as printing, mailing, and other communications services (email, direct mail, etc.), marketing, data processing, servicing, collections, or ad management.
Targeted Advertising

Ads we, or our Service Providers, display on websites outside the Connected Analytics Limited Family of Companies based on the preferences or interests inferred from data collected from a particular computer or device regarding web viewing behaviors over time and across different websites.
Third-Party Ad-Servers

Companies that provide the technology to place ads on websites (and apps) and track how ads perform. These companies may also place and access cookies on your device. The information they collect from our websites is in a form that does not identify you personally.

Web Services

Services which enable authorized websites over the web to connect to Thank U Cash, such as the service which enables linking a member’s Thank U Cash account to a Thank U Cash Partner’s online account.
Laws and regulations

User access to and use of the site is subject to all applicable international, federal, state and local laws and regulations.

Access to password protected/secure areas

Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the site may be subject to prosecution.

Third party links to this site – Thank U Cash links to a third party site

We prohibit caching, unauthorized hypertext links to the Site and the framing of any content available through the Site. We reserve the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames and specifically disclaim any responsibility for the Content available on any other Internet sites linked to the Site. Access to any other Internet sites linked to the Site is at the user’s own risk. This site may provide a link to other sites by allowing the user to leave this site to access third-party material or by bringing the third-party material into this site via “inverse” hyperlinks and framing technology (a “linked site”). Unless otherwise noted, we have no discretion to alter, update, or control the content on a linked site. The fact that we have provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation with respect to such site, its owners, or its providers. There are inherent risks in relying upon using, or retrieving any information found on the internet, and we urge you to make sure you understand these risks before relying upon, using, or retrieving any such information on a linked site. User should be aware that linked sites may also contain rules and regulations, privacy provisions, confidentiality provisions, transmission of personal data provisions, and other provisions that differ from the provisions provided on the Site. We are not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such provisions.
Your contact with advertisers

Your dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the site (including, without limitation, payment and delivery of related products or services, and any other terms, conditions, representations or warranties associated with such dealings or correspondence) are solely between you and such advertisers. We make no representations or warranties with respect to any advertising content of, or any products or services that may be obtained from, such advertisers. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable with respect to any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of: (a) any such dealings or correspondence between you and such advertisers, (b) content, products or services of such advertisers, or (c) the presence of such advertisers on the Site.
No warranties

All content, products, and services on the site, or obtained from a linked site are provided to you “as is” without warranty of any kind either express or implied including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security or accuracy. We do not endorse and is not responsible for (a) the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made through the site by any other party, (b) any content provided on linked sites or (c) the capabilities or reliability of any product or service obtained from a linked site. Other than as required under applicable consumer protection law, under no circumstance will we be liable for any loss or damage caused by a user’s reliance on information obtained through the site or a linked site, or user’s reliance on any product or service obtained from a linked site. It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any opinion, advice or other content available through the site, or obtained from a linked site. Please seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, regarding the evaluation of any specific opinion, advice, product, service, or other content.
Limitation of liability for use of the site and linked sites

The information, software, products and descriptions of services published on the site or a linked site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors, and we specifically disclaim any liability for such inaccuracies or errors. We do not warrant or represent that the content on the site is complete or up-to-date. We are under no obligation to update any content on the site. We may change the content on the site at any time without notice. We may make improvements or changes to the site at any time. You agree that we, our affiliates and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents will not be liable, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any indirect, punitive, special, consequential, incidental or indirect damages (including without limitation lost profits, cost of procuring substitute service or lost opportunity) arising out of or in connection with the use of the site or a linked site, or with the delay or inability to use the site or a linked site, even if we are made aware of the possibility of such damages. This limitation on liability includes, but is not limited to, the transmission of any viruses which may infect a user’s equipment, failure of mechanical or electronic equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems (e.g., you cannot access your internet service provider), unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, strikes or other labor problems or any force majeure. We cannot and do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the web site.
Limitation of liability for services arranged through the site

You agree that we are a mere agent for the providers of services available through the site. Any and all claims regarding any failure or breach with respect to the services offered through the site are limited to claims against any and all service providers. We hereby disclaim any liability, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, including without limitation liability for any direct, punitive, special, consequential, incidental our indirect damages, in connection with the goods or services provided by any carrier or other supplier through the site, including without limitation liability for any act, error, omission, injury, loss, accident, delay or irregularity which may be incurred through the fault, negligent or otherwise, of such carrier or supplier and you hereby exonerate us from any liability with respect to the same.
Privacy Policy and Confidentiality of User Communications

If you are a Thank U Cash Program Participant, you agree that we may satisfy our obligation to provide you with an annual copy of our Consumer Privacy Notice by emailing it to you and/or by keeping it available for your review on this Site/ mobile app. Except as required by law and in accordance with the Thank U Cash Online Privacy Statement, we will maintain the confidentiality of all user communications which contain personal user information and which are transmitted directly to us.Postings by a user on any message board or in any chat room will not be protected as confidential and we may use and provide information contained in any such postings (including any ideas, concepts, know-how or other intellectual property) to any of our parent company, subsidiaries and affiliates for any purpose whatsoever and as we deem appropriate. User should be aware that Linked Sites may contain privacy and confidentiality provisions that differ from the provisions provided herein. We are not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such provisions.
Postings

We are under no obligation to review any messages, information or content (“Postings”) posted on the Site by users and assume no responsibility or liability relating to any such Postings. Notwithstanding the above, we may from time to time monitor the Postings on the Site and may decline to accept and/or remove any Postings that contain:

Any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law.
Advertisements or solicitations of any kind.
Messages posted by users impersonating others.
Personal information such as messages which state phone numbers, social security numbers, account numbers, addresses, or employer references.
Messages by non-spokesperson employees of Connected Analytics purporting to speak on behalf of Connected Analytics or containing confidential information or expressing opinions concerning Connected analytics Limited.
Messages that offer unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted or private information.
Multiple messages placed within individual folders by the same user restating the same point.
Chain letters of any kind.
Transmission of personal data

User acknowledges and agrees that by providing us with any personal or proprietary user information through the Site, user consents to the transmission of such personal or proprietary user information over international borders as necessary for processing in accordance with our standard business practices. User should be aware that Linked Sites may contain transmission of personal data provisions that differ from the provisions provided herein. We are not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such provisions.

Use of “cookie” file features

We reserve the right to store information on a user’s computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file for purposes of modifying the Site to reflect users’ preferences. The Thank U Cash Online Privacy Statement provides additional information regarding our use of cookies as well as procedures for disabling cookies.

1. Changes to rules and regulations
 : We reserve the right to revise these Terms of Service at any time and users are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any changes to these Terms of Service. We will indicate that changes to these Terms of Service have been made by updating the date indicated after “Last Modified” at the beginning of these Terms of Service.

2. Violations of rules and regulations
: We reserve the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Service, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the Site.

3. No investment advice or offers
: Nothing in the site constitutes investment advice, including Connected Analytics Limited’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, if available. Connected Analytics Limited provides investor relations materials for convenience and information only. In addition, investor relations materials and other web site content are not offers to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security.

4. Forward looking information
: Certain information on the site may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date on which they are made. The words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “optimistic”, “intend”, “aim”, “will” or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Connected Analytics Limited undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the company’s forward-looking statements are described in Connected Analytics Limited’ periodic reports, including the Annual Report, quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Annual Report to Shareholders.

5. Press releases
: All press releases and other materials presented or released to the financial community that are contained on the Site were, to the best of our knowledge, timely and accurate when issued. However, the passage of time can render information stale, and you should not rely on the continued accuracy of any such material beyond the date of issuance. We have no responsibility to update any information contained in any such material. All viewers should carefully check the dates of issuance of the material contained in the Site.

6. Jurisdiction/governing law
: Users of this Site agree to submit to the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, and applicable federal law without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

7. Notification to Connected Analytics Limited regarding sales over the internet of illegitimate products
: Merchants must not accept Connected Analytics Limited Cards for sales of products over the Internet that would constitute a violation of copyright or trademark laws applicable to the merchant or Cardmember (such copyright-infringing or counterfeit trademark products, collectively, “Illegitimate Products”). You may notify Connected Analytics Limited regarding sales by merchants of alleged Illegitimate Products by completing this Notice Form and sending it by email to antipiracy@aexp.com. The form must be submitted by a person or entity having the legal standing and authority to assert the applicable copyright or trademark right concerning the products (a “Rights-Holder”).

8. Copyright
: All information and content including any software programs available on or through the Site (“Content”) is protected by copyright. Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any Content available on or through the Site for commercial or public purposes.

9. Digital Millennium Copyright Act – notification to Connected Analytics Limited regarding alleged copyright infringement
: Connected Analytics Limited has registered an agent with the Nigerian Copyright Office in accordance with the Copyright laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Connected Analytics Limited reserves the right to remove any Content on the Site which allegedly infringes another person’s copyright. Notices to Connected Analytics Limited regarding any alleged copyright infringement on the Site should be directed to Connected Analytics Limited’ Company Secretary Attn.: Technology Counsel at legal@thankucard.co

10. Trademarks, Logos and Service Marks
: The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are the property of Connected AnalyticsLimited and other parties. Users are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose including, but not limited to use as metatags on other pages or sites on the World Wide Web without the written permission of Connected Analytics Limited or such third party which may own the Marks. 
The following are trademarks and service marks of Connected Analytics Limited Company, its subsidiaries and/or affiliates which may appear on Connected Analytics Limited Web sites. This is not a comprehensive list. 
Connected Analytics Limited
Connected Analytics Limited
Connected Analytics Limited Box Logo
Connected Analytics Limited Card Design
Connected Analytics Limited CORPORATE Card Design
Connected Analytics Limited SELECTS
Thank U Cash
Thank U Cash card
Thank U Cash Cards
Thank U Cash Box Logo
Thank U Cash Card Design
Thank U Cash CORPORATE Card Design
Thank U Cash For Business
MEMBERS KNOW
MEMBERS PROJECT
MEMBERSHIP REWARDS
Thank U Cash MEMBERSHIP REWARDS EXPRESS
Thank U Cash Gold MEMBERSHIP REWARDS FIRST
Thank U Cash Gold
Thank U Cash Gold Cards
Thank U Cash PLATINUM CARD
Thank U Cash SAVINGS AT WORK
11. Patents
: The following are Nigeria patents that Connected Analytics Limited Company, its subsidiaries or/or affiliates own or hold a license to, which relate to products or services that may appear on Connected Analytics Limited Web sites. This is not a comprehensive list.